Which of the following software packages cannot used to conduct discriminant analysis:
EXCEL
SPSS
SAS
MATLAB
EXCEL
The linear combinations of independent variables developed by discriminant analysis that will best discriminate between the categories of the dependent variable are:
Discriminant functions
Discriminant scores
Classification matrix
Characteristic profiles
Discriminant functions
Which of the following tool is required for assessing discriminant analysis results that helps to plots the group membership of each case on a graph. 
Characteristic profile
Scatter gram
Territorial map
Pie chart
Territorial map
What is the maximum number of discriminant functions that you could calculate for these data?
1
2
3
4
2
In discriminant analysis, correlation structure between predictors for each class should be:
Differ
Same
lies in between 
None of the above
Same
Which type of updating method yields more accurate results in case of ANN?
Batch
Case
Both a and b
None of the above
Case
…………is done after each case or record is run through the network.
Case updating
Batch updating
Only a
None of the above
Case updating
The basic advantage of normalization process:
It is a very efficient backpropagation technique 
It returns back the normalized mean and standard deviation of weights
It normalizes all the input before sending it to the next layer
None of these
It normalizes all the input before sending it to the next layer
What is the credit assignment problem in the training of multi-layer feedforward networks?
The problem of adjusting the weights for the output layer.
The problem of adapting the neighbours of the winning unit.
The problem of defining an error function for linearly inseparable problems.
The problem of adjusting the weights for the hidden layers
The problem of adjusting the weights for the hidden layers
What is not back propagation?
It is the transmission of error back through the network to adjust the inputs
It is another name given to the curvy function in the perceptron
It is the transmission of output back through the network to allow weights to be adjusted so that the network can learn.
All of the above
All of the above